fix broken renderer data inspector (#2997)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.universal/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue where MSAA did not work in Editor Game View on Windows with Vulkan.
- Fixed issue where selecting and deselecting Forward Renderer asset would leak memory [case 1290628](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/urp-scriptablerendererfeatureeditor-memory-leak-while-interacting-with-forward-renderer-in-the-project-window)
- Fixed the default background color for previews to use the original color.

> - Fixed an issue where inspector of Renderer Data would break after adding Renderer Object renderer feature and then adding another renderer feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the inspector of Renderer Data would break after adding RenderObjects renderer feature and then adding another renderer feature.
```
